rec: prep 5.0.0 rc1 (#13562)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/appendices/EOL.rst

End of life statements
======================

We aim to have a major release every six months.

> The latest release receives correctness, stability and security updates by releasing minor releases.

Reviewer: We might have too many `release` in this sentence, perhaps:
```suggestion
The latest major release train receives correctness, stability and security updates by the way of minor releases.
```

> We support older releases with critical updates for one year after the next following major release.

Reviewer 2: The word 'next' seems redundant here.
```suggestion
We support older releases with critical updates for one year after the following major release.
```
